Reflection 1:

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
see the bug that was introduced?


Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me see
the bug that was introducted by showing me what was different
in the newer file compared to the older file.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 2:

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?


Having access to earlier versions can help by having the chance
to look back to older versions of files in-case there is an
error in the newer versions.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 3:

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?


Having to manually save a commit like Git would make each
versions more logical and will be more likely to remember
where we were.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 4:

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google
Docs, treat each file separately?


Usually, google docs isn't used for coding, so not needed. But
for Git, since a lot of code is written over there and is in
multiple files, each change in each file affects every other
file. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 5:

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?


First you have to go to the directory where the files are
located, and to view all the different commit, you write, "git
log" , next, to find the diff between two commits, you type,
"git diff commit_ID_1 commit_ID_2" .

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 6:

How might using version control make you more confident to
make changes that could break something?


Using version control will make me more confident to make
changes, because I will not have to worry about something
going wrong and not knowing how to make it right again. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

Reflection 7:

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to
try using Git for?


I want to try using Git for all my future assignments and projects. 